Now that we've got some initial setup of our application complete, we can start to think about writing
code for our actual application.
So in this video, I want to focus on the overall project structure we're going to use in general.
For all the applications you and I are going to build, we're going to create a collection of different
files.
Every different file is going to contain one single class, and each of those classes represents one
different thing inside of our project.
Now, in some cases, I'm going to have you kind of figure out the different schema or the different
classes we're going to create, but in this case, we're going to do it together.
So when I look at this mock up right here, I really see three different things going on.
I see one type of object for our user.
So I think we should probably create a single file called Class Dot or some user dots that will hold
a user class inside of it.
That user class is going to have some methods and properties associated with it that define exactly
what it means to be a user.
Next up, I see a company thing inside of here as well.
So likewise, I think we should create a separate file to house a company class that will also represent
what a company is inside of our application.
And then finally, the last obvious piece that we have here is the map itself.
So I think we should probably create some separate file that's going to hold a class to represent the
map and probably have some methods attached to it to actually get the map to show up on the screen and
render some markers on it.
So in total, I think we've got three separate classes here.
We've got like a map file, a user file and a company file.
Then to actually get all these different classes to work together, we will import them into our root
indexed file.
And that's where we're going to actually initialize our project, create a map, create a user, create
a company and have some code to actually show the user and the company on that map.
So that's the general idea.
So right now, let's get started on our users.
Back inside, my code editor.
I'm going to find my Z folder and inside there I'm going to make a new file called User Dots.
And one thing I to want to point out right away, you'll notice that I called the file indexed with
a lowercase I but user I labeled with a capital U.
So what's with the difference there?
Well, by convention, any time we have a file whose primary purpose is to create an export a class,
we're usually going to give it a capital name.
So in this case, capital U.
User, because we're going to create an export a class from this file.
However, in indexed notes, we're not going to have any classes.
We're going to have just some code to import some classes and then use those to actually make something
happen.
You're going to most commonly see lowercase file names any time you have a file that either serves as
something like the indexed file.
So like kind of the root of your application or a file that exports plain objects, plane functions
or constants.
All right, so now we've got the user file.
I'm going to get started inside of here by declaring a new class called user like so.
And that's where we're going to leave it for right now.
So let's take a quick pause with just this inside of here.
By the way, if you see any error inside of this file right now when we save this, that's totally fine.
We're going to fix it up in just a second.
So let's take a quick pause right here, and we'll see you in just a minute.